docs: fix broken CHANGELOG links reported by check-links (#4467)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Support `aio_pika` 9.x ([#1670](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/1670))
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-redis` Add `sanitize_query` config option to allow query sanitization. ([#1572](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/1572))
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-elasticsearch` Add optional db.statement query sanitization.
  ([#1598](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/1598))
- `opentelemetry-instrumentation-celery` Record exceptions as events on the span.
  ([#1573](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/1573))
- Add metric instrumentation for urllib
  ([#1553](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/pull/1553))

> - `opentelemetry/sdk/extension/aws` Implement [`aws.ecs.*`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/resource/cloud-provider/aws/ecs.md) and [`aws.logs.*`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/resource/semantic_conventions/cloud_provider/aws/logs/) resource attributes in the `AwsEcsResourceDetector` detector when the ECS Metadata v4 is available

Reviewer: The `aws.logs.*` link looks broken as well.

> - `opentelemetry/sdk/extension/aws` Implement [`aws.ecs.*`](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/resource/cloud-provider/aws/ecs.md) and [`aws.logs.*`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/resource/semantic_conventions/cloud_provider/aws/logs/) resource attributes in the `AwsEcsResourceDetector` detector when the ECS Metadata v4 is available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opentelemetry/sdk/extension/aws` Implement [`aws.ecs.*`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/resource/cloud-provider/aws/ecs/ and [`aws.logs.*`](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/resource/cloud-provider/aws/logs/) resource attributes in the `AwsEcsResourceDetector` detector when the ECS Metadata v4 is available
```

- `Added support for PyPy3` Initial release

> ## [#1033](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python-contrib/issues/1033)

Reviewer: This link should be inside parens in the line right after line 2396
